
1*10=10
combine the words and make commonly used idiomatic expressions  and phrases .
shrinking, going through 
come hell, on the landscape 
the motions , kettle of fish 
of necessity , ids still out 
at the bit , violet 
a diffferent , champ 
blot , mad 
the jury , the  piper 
as a hatter, making a virtue 
pay, or high water 

2*5=10
correct the sentences in column A. no cange in the constuction of the sentences is 
permitted except  the corrections concerned . enter the correct sentences in the adjacent slots in column B.
1.politicians should know that  lame excuses for their past misdeeds do not wash up wit the people .
2. the researcher was disappointes when her application for a teaching post was turned out. 
3. after drinking hard the previous night , the guest  had a clifthanger in the morning .
4. metro services were stalled  after a train at park Street station  was outlines .

1*10=10
choose the word or phrase from column b nearest  in the meaning to the word in column A . Enter your answer in the column C.
1. belligerent, restless , noisy , aggressive , pretty.
2. dalliance , pulses bright  in colour, spas named after salvador  Dali , wasting time in frivolous  things . a kind of dance .
3. effervescent, fragrant , tuneful, fashionable, high-spirited.
4. fusillade , official siles , fussy footballers , a discharge  of firearms , barricade .
5.  garrulous,  talkative , tail ,lloud,careless.
6. inhibition , secret store , restraint , initiative , infusion .
7. mutation , silence,change , mutilation, exchage .
8. pestilence , pest control , epidemic  of an infectious  disease, filth , resilience .
9. cavity , hollow space  , seriousness , sercasm , dry.
10. solicituous , law  abiding , demanding , persuasive with customers , showing concern 


2*5=10
make sentences with the groups of words in column A .Do not change the order of the given words .Sentences must use the phrases  in appropiate contexts .Enter your sentences in column B.
1.cry foul 
2. leave no stone unturned 
3. raise a stink 
4. sit on judgement 
5. yield ground .